docs: access check config docs rework (#1477)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/configure-authd.md

:::::

(ref::config-force-provider-auth)=
## Force remote access check with the identity provider

> By default, remote authentication with the identity provider only happens if

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also use the new (and better) terminology here?

```suggestion
By default, a remote access check with the identity provider only happens if
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed, I can add this to #1467

Reviewer: https://github.com/canonical/authd/pull/1467 is completely unrelated, let's do it in a separate PR please. I'd like @edibotopic's opinion on the change first though.

Author: We could make this change. I left it because I didn't think it was necessarily incorrect, just not optimal for use as the config option's name and in the accompanying description.

On reflection though, it is always safer to be consistent. @nooreldeenmansour --- if you want to make the change I can approve.

In future, I think that it could be useful in the docs to have some kind of standalone explanation page that gives a technical overview of what happens during login and the different scenarios involved, because currently the explanations are inter-mingled with the configuration guide. It's good to have a sprinkling of context in there, but some topics might deserve a dedicated treatment.
